c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.ExternalMaps.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Plugin.Geolocator.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\obj\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\obj\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\obj\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\obj\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.GeoLocalizaPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\obj\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\obj\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\obj\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\GeoLocalizacao\bin\Debug\GeoLocalizacao.dll.mdb
