c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll.config
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.apk
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.SQLiteStore.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Plugin.Connectivity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Plugin.Connectivity.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.SQLiteStore.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Plugin.Connectivity.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Plugin.Connectivity.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Plugin.Connectivity.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Plugin.Connectivity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Plugin.Connectivity.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Plugin.Connectivity.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\bin\AppDemonAzure.Android.apk
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\R.cs.flag
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\AppDemonAzure.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Plugin.Connectivity.Abstractions.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Plugin.Connectivity.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Release\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll.mdb
