c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.dll.config
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.SQLiteStore.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.SQLiteStore.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.csproj.App.config
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.View.AppDemonAzure.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.dll.mdb
