c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll.config
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.apk
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.SQLiteStore.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.lib.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.SQLiteStore.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.pdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\AppDemonAzure.Android.apk
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\obj\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\miele\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure\AppDemonAzure.Android\bin\Debug\AppDemonAzure.Android.dll.mdb
